hey peeps so I've had a lab I actually
managed to get out of labs
early stay though because we finished
earlier than the lab run on to it's the
end of labs actually that was actually
my last lab for this academic year
because we don't do any physics labs
next term in exam term it might actually
be my last lab of my degree in fact
since next year I'm planning on doing
astrophysics and there aren't any
physics labs but astrophysics it's all
its favorite oh cool which is quite
exciting
I guess because physics labs aren't my
favorite sometimes they're a bit boring
do you know what like I feel like labs
would be good if they were interesting
but because it's just really basic stuff
not very interesting equipment you know
exactly what its gonna do it's all a bit
boring I feel like life in research will
be more exciting because you're actually
conducting experiments on something
you're quite passionate about so yeah
now I'm in my room I've got quite a bit
of work to do this evening also the
other exciting thing for today is it's
Pancake Day
obviously we're making pancakes in my
staircase when I say we someone else is
making them and I will be eating wound
because like even basic things like
pancakes I I don't think I could manage
to make myself it's Pancake Day and I've
got the first pancake of the night how
very exciting me knowing no maple syrup
I've got to say between lemon and sugar
or Nutella
Nutella Nutella here is the
pancake-making extraordinaire Ella
oh I've actually got a failed clip on my
blog from last year where I open it onto
the hole was that me I think it was you
Oh Otto tastic is my thinking with you
yeah she cracks but the first time temps
will be like to know the basketball
[Laughter]
hey guys I just wanted to jump in and
say that today's laundry segment is very
kindly sponsored by Skillshare which is
an online learning community they have
over 25,000 different classes that you
can sign up to and different communities
you can join whether that's in business
whether that's in design or just some
other area altogether I've been meaning
to teach myself how to use Final Cut Pro
10 the editing program for absolutely
ages but Skillshare have a class which
literally breaks it down step-by-step
it's actually a godsend doing these
classes is a great break from revision
at the moment so that's a thumbs-up from
me they do have a premium membership
option which gives you unlimited access
to all the classes they have available I
can pretty much guarantee you that every
person will find something that
interests them on this site and I think
it's a great way a productive way to
spend your free time excitingly
Skillshare are giving a free two month
unlimited access trial to the first 500
people who click the link in my
description box below and after that
it's only ten dollars per month
thank you very much Skillshare for
sponsoring this segment and yeah take it
away page with the laundry
I've got a new guest star today
introduce yourself why am i studying
modjeska Oh put it go - bad tips the
GCSE
Buddha says he
yes openness I remember Eliza when she
says 'yes i say don't put off revising
the subjects that you know you just
liked the most
[Music]
I erased all the science
I'm that those even 90 I disliked
it because I knew ice
scheduling as well we told mothers today
actually well well
[Music]
in the video it changes all the time at
the scenes I read something new I'm like
oh it's my new favorite thing I do I
used to be inviting Steinbeck rated 1984
Jordan over I would understand the next
a bunch of my classics like Charlotte
brontë Jane
why do we like
no one wants to share a bathroom with
will next yeah I do not want to share
yet say Avila factor yeah it's under
this is such a good question and it's an
area
I worked for too much
give myself enough downtime I forgot to
you attitude that I need to make
and social life I think the key thing
to work during the day
you know I still have that only star
work consistently if I feel my
productivity slipping I'll give myself a
break month in trying to push through
and work through the clients
so the most
till after dinner I think I was like
scheduled
social time it sounds stupid but knowing
I have Jesus saying if every Sunday to
that it'll fall I know that's my
schedule in from time
because I'm a doctor we'll have it
saying oh yeah I'll make time start and
then what
you free on that now I can but this
schedule this week so 30 degrees cutters
starts
hey everyone so I don't know when I last
spoke to you but it is Wednesday
afternoon now and I've had lectures this
morning life has been ticking along as
per usual I am just doing some
supervision work and then I've got a
fool this evening with my staircase what
we're going for dinner in Huell it's
gonna be really nice and yeah I actually
forgot it was happening and then like I
woke up in the middle of the night last
night and suddenly it came to me I was
like wait oh my god I booked a form all
of my staircase this evening yeah I mean
I was banking on having this evening to
do work but it turns out I'm not going
to because I've chosen to go to formal
instead but I feel like I'm on top of
things if I get this supervision work
done this afternoon then we're good
- will who is going to buy another
bottle of wine he doesn't need it
they've changed the menu which is
outrageous I was looking forward to my
bruschetta and that Romania was just
looking really good and like now it's
itself our deal we just finished the
main everyone is actually really nice
and evening everyone
hello fans I love yous I know you love
me give him a kiss give him a kiss fans
need to know that every little bit of
respect that you give me I know I love
you all so we all just want to say we
appreciate you guys watching thank you I
appreciate it more okay so there's sign
up here take it
I can't hold that so I'm saying this is
someone who is no longer my friend
oh no lucky oh crap yeah we'll stop with
Harry to go back for a very long time
it's hot we did so yeah like bye bye has
been good
we are just having parties and cookies
how's your tea my tea I never really
drink much the tea by just accept it
anyway I don't have company at this time
cause sometimes they call you want to go
to bed we're probably going out let me
show you around the hall Ashley let me
show you some portrait and welcome to
the page white or of the portraits of
the Jesus College who not gonna lie
we're not totally sure of the names of
all these people masters of the college
along with Henry down the end but today
[Music]
let's make tie swaps of things
friend swap ties with your hello so is
today slightly different schedule to
usual I have got to supervisions today
and rowing races bumps which I will
explain the rules to later for people
who don't know about how bumps work but
yeah I also have two one-hour long
supervisions so I'm just heading to one
now
okay so I'm back in we're room and now I
have about an hour until I have to head
to the boathouse for my rowing race this
afternoon so let me do a very quick
rundown of what bumps is for those of
you who haven't seen my previous vlogs
or just aren't aware of the rowing races
we do in Cambridge there's a set of
rowing races that called bumps all that
Cambridge colleges take part so each
different College has its like own boat
club so I'm part of the Jesus College
Boat Club all the boats in one division
all lined up along the river and then
they all start rowing at the same time
when it cannon goes off and the aim is
to bump into the boat in front of you
each division rows every day for like
four days on the trough
because these rowing wastes happen
during the week during term time in
afternoons is actually quite hard to
make these rowing races so I wasn't able
to cooks my crew in the first race of
bumps this week because I had a physics
lab and I was stuck in the lab all day
but what can you do this is actually
today my first day of bumps because it
was a day off yesterday essentially this
is my crews second day of racing today
and then we also race tomorrow and the
day after but I'm really nervous because
the wind outside is it's actually
ridiculous like if this were a normal
day and crews were just having growing
outings my crew wouldn't be allowed to
go out because it was too windy but
because it's the races like obviously
then letting them go ahead but it's just
gonna be chaos because as you can
imagine when all these crews are growing
fast to try and bump into the crew in
front you're gonna have crews moving
faster than others
crews growing really fast into your crew
at race pace and you know safety comes
into it a lot I all the Coxes have had
safety briefings I'm a so if I
didn't mention that by the way so I
don't actually realise I steer the boat
and I shouted the crew also a lot of the
safety of myself my crew and other boats
around me is kind of
or me just the wind adds another another
factor and this just doesn't it's not
great but the thing is these races are
supposed to be fun so I should just try
and enjoy them and I did bumps last year
in the summer the weather was a lot
nicer than this I have to say but it was
really really fun last year so guys take
a look at how fast the water is moving
here yes this is what we had to race in
and this isn't even the worst of it look
at that flag blowing when you got onto
the reach the big fat part of the river
there were waves going on not to be
dramatic but I thought we might think at
one point but anyway it all went ok
hello everyone so I'm back from my
rowing race and we rowed over which
means the crew behind us did not burn
paths but we did not bump the crew in
front and we just rode the whole course
but that's fine that's actually what we
were hoping for today since the current
front is definitely faster than us
overall a success but oh my god just so
you know I said it was windy yeah it's
like next-level windy honestly there
were waves on the river it was really
tough like we were going down this
course and like literally everyone was
missing strokes left right and center
and like literally the rowing was
absolute shambles but the thing is it
was the same for every crew because
every crew had this massive wind on them
like it was just impossible I was making
pools and I was like I don't know how to
fix this situation the star could have
ended in disaster or lastingly started
off in the complete wrong angle I had
flashbacks the last year when we went
straight into the bank off the start and
I was like that's not happening again
so who was well as well now I used to
take a shower because honestly I'm
soaked like literally I was sitting in a
puddle in like a big pool of river water
by the time the race finished to most I
was sitting in a pool of river water
before the race started a nice warm
shower is needed or that weather was
horrible like so windy it's been raining
it was just disgusting
so I had the most glorious warm shower
recovered from my ordeal and there
got some workout and tried to make up
for the fact that I've been on the river
for the most of the afternoon
[Music]
hey hey hey people say I am just making
myself a microwave meal it's all very
exciting I've just been on a late-night
Sainsbury's trip got myself
chicken tikka masala no rice because
they don't like rice so I picked one
specifically with no rights and to go
with some Bombay potatoes may not be the
most nutritious healthiest meal I've
ever had but it will do I had a super
vision while calf dinner was on so I
have not been able to go and buy dinner
from the college cafeteria as I normally
do and I came back and I was like well I
don't want another toasty today I don't
just want to have toast for dinner I
want a meal so I went out and bought
myself something to heat up I reckon I
can manage this microwave meal then I'm
gonna go upstairs eater ring my parents
that will do some work on a PowerPoint
presentation this evening because next
week I've got a presentation of my
extended investigation that we've been
doing in physics labs it's not worth
much of our final grade but like I
should put some effort into it also it's
a team thing and we said we'd have it
done by Friday so I really should have
it done by tomorrow morning okay so we
may have spoke too soon and we are
having issues with the microwave like
every time I press stuff up I swear I've
set the timer oh oh this is more like it
Oh
how's that for a my couldn't work a
microwave and here was my dinner I was
pretty proud of myself for this look mom
I can cook hello peeps so it is quite
late in the evening now and I am
stopping working and going to bed then
I've got like just tomorrow morning and
then oh my god I'm gonna have to leave
lectures early I'm gonna have to skip
like three-quarters of a lecture to be
honest I don't even know whether it's
worth going to the first quarter so
basically I've got bumps I've got to be
at the brew house for 12:30 and my
lecture goes on until 1:00 I feel like
it's okay to miss it I haven't missed
any other lectures so far this term
apart from the ones that I missed for my
internship interview I mean I'm gonna
catch it up straight away so it should
be fine and then yeah after rowing races
then that's me done for the day except I
want to make sure I get a fair bit of
work done as we approach the end of term
I've got lots of fun things coming up
and I'm at risk of just kind of
forgetting that I've still got work to
do you know and I really should get that
work done hello everyone
so the second lecture of the morning is
about to start and then I'm going to
skip like half of my third lecture dun
dun dun to go
[Applause]
here is me and my crew mid-race I'm the
person on the far left who doesn't have
a blade since I'm just sitting there
shouting at them we did have another
crew close in our tail the whole way
through but we managed to get away from
them and hold our own and it was really
fun sorry for the lack of updates I am
very very tired and worn out it is now
late afternoon in fact it is almost five
o'clock I actually only just got back
from the river so we had our division we
rode over ie didn't get bumped didn't
bump the boat in front which is you know
quite good quite pleased probably the
best we could hope for so that's good
and then I cycled and watched one of the
other divisions as well which was
exciting to watch although quite tiring
like they were rowing fast like I had to
cycle fast to keep up with them so now
I'm quite worn out I'm gonna go to CAF
dinner I'm so hungry like I've literally
skipped lunch I've barely had anything
to eat today
oh I used to do some washing off there's
so much to do when I did get my food it
did not disappoint chilli with tortilla
chips yes please hey everyone serve in
my room I'm really tired I think I'm
gonna go to bed now I've literally spend
the evening just editing I also think
I'm getting ill like I can feel my voice
going a little bit and it's not ideal
because I've just been doing a voiceover
for one of my videos that I've been
editing and I could do with like my
voice being on point I think I'm just
gonna go to bed and maybe I'll wake up
in the morning and feel better I think
I'm just tired as well which adds to
where and maybe just maybe it might have
had something to do with the fact that I
was coaxing and shouting for two days on
the trot in those rowing races just a
thought good morning everyone
so today I'm literally swimming in
quantum mechanics questions
pray for me oh my god there's so much to
do you have no idea and so many lecture
notes like literally there seems to be
like a new handout every single lecture
oh my goodness me trouble is I've got
bumps today but it's the last day so
after this it's good and then I've got
boat club dinner this evening but ya
know just a bit worried about getting
all my work done but it's fine it's
actually not due until tomorrow evening
so hopefully I'll have most of tomorrow
to get going on it as well I think I'm
gonna go have a shower at this point and
panic about my quantum questions while I
get ready for the day so we thought we'd
recover this morning can we go ten
minutes early the brunch because you
know brunch is very popular but
obviously everyone else had to say my
dear so we've got a bit of a wait but
it's fine is worth it to the brooch
hello everyone
made it through the clue oh my god that
took forever it's almost 25 past 11:00
and we arrived and like 10 to 11 but it
looks good it looks tasty also exciting
times we're sitting at the high tables
because we are that's important
yeah that Friday mission your community
I'm so upset
where's the nice runny yolk oh hey hey
everyone so I just got back from brunch
and I'm gonna get changed quickly now
into my clothes for Seng last day
of bumps yeah I'm excited I don't really
want to get bumped I think it might be
inevitable at this point so it's windy
which is just great up here was the
scene before the race it's always quite
tense at this point and it's under this
bridge here that they set off the cannon
to get everyone to start growing and
Here I am after the race and it was my
last time in the boathouse for a while
since I'm not coaxing next term so I was
a little sad about it hey everyone so
I'm just about to head off to Boat Club
dinner or to be precise I'm actually
going to the pre-drinks first which are
in college in upper hall and then our
actual dinner is outside of course this
term there was a bit of a double booking
with the hall so it wasn't initially
intended but we're actually relocating
to a restaurant outside of college so
we're gonna all walk over there have a
nice meal and then a pop party thing
after the meal and then we'll probably
head to spoons Weatherspoon's for club
night afterwards I don't know whether
I'll go I'm still kind of debating like
I would usually be very much up for it
but it's just I've got quite a lot of
work to do I've managed to get a bit
behind this week because of all the
rowing I've been doing so we'll see
anyway let me just show you my outfit
quickly I'm wearing my coat because it's
cold and we've got to walk to a
restaurant so I'm just gonna take the
coat with me use me leopard print
trousers black heels and my black
bodysuit with like sparkly bits on there
like a neck like that you can't really
see it but anyway I've gotta go because
I'm running late at the pre-dinner
drinks we also always have curry photos
so here is my crew and then it was time
for the actual dinner starter was
chicken with pear and rocket sesame and
ginger dressing and the
was beef and cambridgeshire ale pie with
buttered new potatoes and cabbage
dessert was chocolate brownie and they
even took my request for no ice cream
this meal was a dream and then it was
time for a lot of speeches so here were
the words that were said about the
dinner it was time for a pizza party
[Applause]
hello so the update is I had a really
lovely time at Boat Club dinner and then
there was an after party kind of thing
and then everyone heads to spoons at
which point I was like wait I didn't put
my ID in and ID is very much a necessity
for when you go into a club and I was
like ah and then it was the kind of
decision of whether I was going to come
back get my ID and then go to spoons or
just come back and go to bed and to be
honest I've got so much work to do I
don't want to have to trek out back to
spoons by myself at this time so I think
I'm just gonna stay here and that's it
for this vlog thank you very much for
watching please do like and subscribe if
you enjoyed it
stay tuned to see more of my end-of-term
antics in my next vlog and also how I'm
preparing for my upcoming exams yeah see
you soon bye